Introduction
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the NYC Open Dataset Loader API collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User"). This privacy policy applies to the API and all products and services offered by the NYC Open Dataset Loader API.

Data Collection
The NYC Open Dataset Loader API collects information from Users in various ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our API, register on the API, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available. Specifically, the API may collect the following information:

Dataset ID: The unique identifier for the dataset requested by the User.
Query Parameters: Any SoQL query parameters submitted by the User for filtering, selecting, sorting, etc.
Users may visit our API anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain API related activities.

Data Usage
The information collected by the NYC Open Dataset Loader API is used for the following purposes:

To process and respond to requests: We use information like dataset IDs and query parameters to process and fulfill User requests for data.
To improve our API: We may use feedback provided by Users to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails: If User decides to opt into our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Data Sharing and Disclosure
The NYC Open Dataset Loader API does not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

Data Security
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our API.

Data Retention
The personal information collected is retained for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

User Rights
Users have the right to access, correct, delete, or export their data. Users can make such requests by contacting us through the provided contact information.

Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
The NYC Open Dataset Loader API does not use cookies directly. However, Users should be aware that third parties, such as our business partners, may use cookies on our site.

Compliance with Laws
We will disclose personal information when required by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our API.

Children's Privacy
The NYC Open Dataset Loader API does not specifically target children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13.

Changes to the Privacy Policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this API, or your dealings with this API, please contact us at:

https://nathanstorey.com/contact/

This document was last updated on 3/11/2024.
